# Restrictions
Generative AI content restrictions.

## Overview
Adobe takes user safety very seriously, and requires that all add-ons do not contain or generate any of the following types of content.

## No adult content
Add-ons must not contain intense violence, blood, gore, sexual content, nudity or strong language.

## No malicious content of any kind
Add-ons must not contain or promote (for example) phishing, spamming, hacking, password trafficking, spyware, or contain malware, trojans, or viruses. All submissions are run through a virus and malware scan to ensure that the codebase is free of malware. If we find evidence of a virus or malware, your packaged file will either fail to upload or be rejected.

## No illegal or questionable content
- Add-ons must not contain or promote illegal or highly-regulated activities. For example, pharmaceutical sales, promotions or sweepstakes, alcohol or tobacco sales. 
- Add-ons must not violate intellectual property rights. For example, add-ons must not promote DRM circumvention, or contain copyrighted or trademarked content belonging to someone else.
- Add-ons must not promote hatred, violence, or bullying. For example, add-ons must not contain hate speech, or promote or enable cruel behavior towards others.

## Restricted content

Your add-on should not:

- Contain or generate illegal content (such as CSAM, content that encourages illegal drug use, etc)
- Generate adult content (such as sexual content, nudity, gore, intense violence, or strong language)
- Generate hate speech or speech that promotes violence or bullying or cruel behavior to anyone
- Generate content that promotes, automates, or relates to highly regulated activities (such as financial advice, medical advice or diagnosis, legal advice or documents, contracts)
- Generate code that could be malicious (such as viruses, malware, spyware, etc.)
- Participate in misinformation/disinformation campaigns
- Violate intellectual property rights, including copyright, of other persons and companies
- Automatically perform actions determined by AI that would be destructive or that can’t be undone without explicit user consent.

When you submit your add-on to the marketplace, you must include a statement that the content above is not permissible in either your add-on description or in a link provided, such as a Terms of Use page.

## Use cases requiring additional testing

In some cases, you will be required to confirm that you test your add-on to ensure that it does not generate restricted content.
Adobe may also execute automated tests to validate the safety of your add-on.

The following list is not exhaustive. If you have questions about whether your add-on will require additional testing, please contact us.

### Imagery (includes images and video)

- Text to image
- In-painting / out-painting
- Generative fill

### Text (unless using ChatGPT and OpenAI’s moderation API)

- Text generated by a large language model
- Summarization
- Code generation


### Audio

Music containing generated lyrics
Speech containing generated text (unless using ChatGPT and OpenAI’s moderation API)


## Exceptions

This document does not apply if your add-on meets any of the following criteria:

- Your add-on is privately listed (**NOTE:** We may still elect to remove your privately listed add-on if we receive credible reports of abuse)
- AI Models that the user installs and runs locally on their device
Text-to-speech using Generative AI (provided the text is supplied by the user)
- Instrumental music or sound effects created using Generative AI (where there are no lyrics)
- Text generation if you use ChatGPT and OpenAI’s moderation API to filter content
